NAME
    TimeSeries -- thinobject class for time series data, messages, etc.

DESCRIPTION
    TimeSeries aims to provide time-stamped storage of text strings or files.

METHODS
    new    -- create a new TimeSeries object
    delete -- delete the entire object
    get    -- get (query) selected values from the object
    store  -- store data/text/something in the timeseries object
    store-stream
    param
    help   -- display this help screen

IMPLEMENTATION
    Note: this information could change!  Applications should use the object
    methods and not depend on the internal representation and file structures.

    TimeSeries data are stored in list properties named to indicate
    the year and beginning and ending time of the stored entries. The
    time values are expressed in seconds from the start of the year,
    in the UTC timezone. Time values are zero-padded so that they sort
    trivially in chronological order.  The format:

        @YYYY-FROMTIME-TOTIME

    and examples:

        @2006-31109786-31145140
        @2007-07441197-07441254

    No timeseries data file will span more than one year. Data for a
    given year may be stored in a single index file, or could be broken
    out into several files.

    Each line in a timeseries data property represents one piece of
    data, or a ``datum'', with the time (in seconds from the start of
    the year, UTC) as the first value on the line. Thus, each line is of
    the form;

        SECONDS DATUM

    The datum may be stored inline, directly in the file, or it may be
    stored in a separate, unique file, and the file pathname stored
    instead. Indirect datum files are stored under the ``chunk''
    directory inside the object, defaulting to "_/".

    Options to the store methods, or object parameters, may be used to define
    what data are stored inline vs indirectly.  These include --maxwidth and
    --encode-newlines.

    Times are stored as UTC internally.  The --tzofs option or setting may be
    used to specify a timezone ofset for the store and get methods.

SEE ALSO
    Methods __should__ provide a help screen via -h or --help options.

    Thinobject BaseClass (... needs work ...)

DEPENDENCIES
    The following debian packages (or equivalent) are needed:

        libtimedate-perl -- for Date::Format

BUGS

AUTHOR
    Ken Irving <fnkci@uaf.edu> (c) 2007

    Licensed under the GPL (Gnu Public Library)
